Joe Public has ranked in the top spot overall, with a total of 261.5 points. The Odd Number and FCB Africa take second and third place, with 136 and 107 points respectively. TBWA Hunt Lascaris, who won the Prestigious Umpetha Award for the campaign The Real Cost of Being Zulu, ranked in the fourth position with 100 points. AgencyPoints SchoolPointsJoe Public261.5Red &Yellow Creative School of Business74The Odd Number (Pty) Ltd136AAA School of Advertising68FCB Africa107North-West University61TBWA\Hunt Lascaris Johannesburg100Vega52Wunderman Thompson42University of Johannesburg32Promise35Boston Media House8Today Brand Studio27Greenside Design Center67Films14Stellenbosch Academy4The Riverbed14Abnormal12Grey Africa10Meta Media Publishing10Boomtown8Black River FC6Skript.tv6Clearwater4McCann18864Old Friends Young Talent4Think Creative Africa4Red & Yellow Creative School of Business ranked as the top educational institution with 74 points, followed by AAA School of Advertising (68 points), North-West University (61 points), Vega (52 points)  and the University of Johannesburg (32 points). The Pendoring ranking points are awarded as follows: finalists receive 2 points each, craft certificates 4 points and gold craft winners 7 points. A silver Pendoring receives 8 points, a campaign silver gets 12 points, a gold Pendoring 10 points and a campaign gold 15 points. Campaign craft certificates receive 6 points each, while  campaign gold craft gets 10.5 points and the Prestigious Umpetha Award 20 points. Transformation and multilingualism key to advertising industry growth and successThe Pendoring Awards have been on an incredible journey of transformation over the last few years. The awards has solidified its place as a South African nation-building project that aims to bring diverse people together through the celebration of creativity in all indigenous languages. The endorsement received this year from UNESCO and the South African Commission for UNESCO goes a long way in positioning The Pendoring as a developmental language platform that aims to celebrate creativity in all of South Africa’s local languages.Social media has been abuzz with positive feedback about the Pendoring Awards ceremony. The show featured hosts Hulisani Ravele and Schalk Bezuidenhout, speaking in their native languages throughout the show, while an on-stage electronic subtitle bar provided translations for all members of the audience. Resident Pendoring band, Bombshelter Beast, rendered a moving acoustic piece in the Khoekhoegowab/Nama language during the event. “Pendoring felt like a space for all South Africans. A truly African experience… it was one of the few times I felt I belonged in this industry,” said Melusi Tshabala of Everyday Zulu on Facebook. Though the industry still has a long way to go in terms of transformation, Pendoring 2019 marked an exciting milestone for creatives who embrace change and spearhead transformation in advertising. Connect with us on social platforms using the hashtags #Pendoring2019 and #SpeakSouthAfrican.