To support the industry recognise and celebrate the best in digital, in 2020 The Bookmarks also created a free entry mechanic for all IAB SA members for this category. This also means that IAB SA members can still enter the 2020 Special Honours Category until this Friday 29 November 2019.Review the entries below to enter:  THE BOOKMARKS 2020 SPECIAL HONOURS CATEGORY: 1. Best Digital Student Best student studying a digital course at an institution, including marketing and related disciplines such as UX.  Think top students at AAA or UJ.2. Best Digital Youngster Best person under 28 who has made a significant contribution to digital this year through their work (can be agency, publisher or other).3. Best Marketer Individual in a brand who most supports, encourages and succeeds using digital channels.4. Best CTO Individual in a brand who most supports, encourages and succeeds using digital channels.5. Best Online Journalist Individual (journalist) at a publisher who demonstrates excellence in online journalism with the ability to use online to tell unique and innovative stories, and has proven contribution to the media industry.6. Best Direct Brand or Online Business A company that was born in digital and enabled by technology to build their business through direct customer relationships and non-traditional, non-linear supply chains, where revenue results from the direct relationships between the company and its customers. Think UCook, onedayonly, Birchbox, YuppieChef. The business does not only need to live online.7. Best Contribution to Transformation in the Digital Industry Organisation who has made the most convincing contribution to growing diversity in the digital industry in line with overall goals for an integrated South Africa. This could be through any meaningful mechanism ranging from ownership to participation.8. Pixel for Purpose Awarded to a piece of work (site, app, publication or any other digital piece) that made a significant positive social impact.  The winner will have conclusively proven that the idea worked.9. Best Individual Contribution to Digital Person who has made the greatest contribution to the digital industry in SA (agency, publisher, brand or other. IAB Chairperson and CEO not eligible.To enter, all you need to do is complete and upload your PDF that showcases why you, your nominee or business achieves the criteria to be the best in your chosen 2020 Bookmarks Special Honours category If you need assistance - please email Bookmarks@Loeries.com or thebookmarks@iabsa.net  All our best Team IAB SA For more information on the Bookmark Awards, click here. The 12th Annual Bookmark Awards, Powered By DSTV Media Sales and in partnership with Newsclip, are on Thursday the 19th of March 2020 at The Galleria in Sandton, Johannesburg, following the IAB SA and MASA endorsed Nedbank IMC conference, where the BMA 2020 Jury President, Andrea Quaye, is speaking to Evolution at work: Marketing’s new capabilities. Book your 2020 Bookmark Award tickets here: https://www.howler.co.za/events/iab-bookmark-awards-2020-5a7d. IAB SA Member discounts apply. For sponsorship opportunities email IAB CEO Paula Hulley: