Durban creative agency The Hardy Boys (THB), in partnership with Wunderman Thompson and TMARC, has been awarded the highly respected Rama Spreads account following a competitive pitch procedure. As Rama is a heartland brand, filled with heritage and meaning for South African consumers, the agency challenged itself to provide refreshing creative solutions that would appeal to a wide range of South African consumers.THB’s Chief Creative Officer, Geoff Paton revealed, “In response to the pitch brief, we honed in on unique consumer insights, and collaborated within the Wunderman Thompson Group to leverage the skills and data insights needed to bring on the relevant partners required to provide the best solutions for client. This approach led to great depth in terms of the work created and revealed a clear understanding of the challenges and opportunities that exist within the target audience.” Sue Napier MD of The Hardy Boys expressed: “We could not be more proud of this win! To be appointed as the lead strategic and creative agency on one of South Africa’s best-loved and iconic FMCG brands, is a tremendous victory for THB. We look forward to partnering with the Rama brand team on this exciting journey.”Rob Laggar, Marketing Director at RCL FOODS said, “We are delighted to appoint The Hardy Boys as a trusted partner to work on one of our newly acquired brands and one of South Africa’s Heritage brands, Rama, following a rigorous pitch process involving some of the industry’s best strategic and creative agencies. The Hardy Boys strengths in strategic thinking and understanding of our consumers was translated into exceptional emotive and insightful creative through the process as a response to our brief. We are excited about the future of the Rama brand in the hands of our teams and The Hardy Boys. We look forward to creating great work that will stand out from the rest and resonate with our consumers in a meaningful way to reignite the love that South Africans have for Rama.”The Hardy Boys look forward to strategising and executing unique creative solutions for the cherished Rama brand in 2019.About The Hardy Boys:The Hardy Boys is an incurably curious group of idea generators, strategic thinkers and passionate problem solvers who, since 1994, have been helping brands find their voice.Some fast facts about The Hardy Boys: THB Verve, a division of The Hardy Boys (THB), is a leading and award-winning Public Relations Agency with experience and expertise in Stakeholder Management, Influencer Management and Media Relations. THB is an award-winning, Full Service, Integrated Agency, comprising of Creative Groups, Account Managers, Strategic Planners & Digital Specialists. First established in 1994, the agency has been solving complex brand problems for 25 years. Visit our website: www.hardyboys.co.za Follow us on Instagram: @thb_agencyAbout TMARC: TMARC is a Johannesburg based mobile-first consumer engagement company.