What does an account manager do? An account manager, often called an account executive, can have many roles in a company. From handling an angry customer who did not get an order to anticipating how many products need to be shipped in the future, their talents need to be diverse. Not only do they need soft skills like people management, but they also need technical talents to use customer management software like Zoho or InfusionSoft. The main goal of account managers is to keep customers happy, so they work to maintain customer relationships at all levels. They often act as advocates for their customers and bring important matters to the attention of the team. Although they may not be in sales directly, account managers do have to plan and work to maximize opportunities with customers. Basic requirements for an account manager Although there are no set requirements for hiring an account manager for your business, it is a good idea to keep a few things in mind as you search. First, you want to find someone with the right education and background. According to Maryville University, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts that positions for account executives will grow by nine percent, so you can expect to see more people pursue degrees that fit this career path. An account manager can have a background in finance, communications, business, sales or other fields. This type of executive must have exceptional verbal and written skills. In addition, they need to have the right personality for the job. They need patience, problem-solving talents, flexibility and listening skills. Moreover, they have to understand your business and clients. Account manager's daily responsibilities An account manager's responsibilities will vary depending on the type of business they are working in. However, there are some things that overlap across different industries. For example, most account managers will use customer software and email every day. They may also check specific customer service applications like Zendesk or Freshdesk to see problems. Although they may or may not actually handle the complaints or questions in these applications because other staff can do it, account executives often check them to look for patterns. For instance, if many people are angry about an email newsletter, they can work on fixing it. The number-one task that every account manager must do is communicate with clients. Whether they call, email or meet a customer in person, account managers make client relationships their first priority. They may suggest new products, handle complaints or recommend ideas. Their goal is talk to clients and learn what they need. Sometimes they may actually negotiate contracts or answer questions about them. They may try to upsell or downsell customers. Account managers also collect, analyze and sort relevant data. They may present it at a meeting and ask other team members for help. They may talk to the owner of the business about the findings, or they may use the information in their conversations with clients. Account managers are constantly learning more about client behaviors and needs. Forecasting client behaviors is another data-related task that is important for your business. From knowing how many people you need to hire to handle new clients to figuring out potential profit numbers for the next quarter, these numbers matter.  How account managers benefit your business Having a dedicated account manager has multiple benefits for your business. First, you have someone who is focused completely on the customers. They are not distracted by sales or marketing or advertising needs. Instead, their whole purpose at the company is to keep customers happy and coming back to your business. Another benefit of having an account manager is that this person can handle client issues. Your sales team needs to focus on numbers, so account executives are the perfect team members to deal with complaints or other problems. Account managers can figure out if there are patterns among the complaints and create solutions that help everyone. Most account managers pay attention to industry trends. If they notice businesses are using a customer service tactic that works well, they can keep you informed about it. They also have to know everything about the products and services your company sells. This allows them to collaborate with other teams and departments effectively. As the main point of contact for your customers, account managers can have many duties and tasks. However, their priority is always going to be customer relationships. They have to maintain, build and expand these relationships over time.