Yatish has a cross-disciplined background in architecture and design, which has helped him develop a unique understanding of human-centred design, operational design, and brand and strategy. During Jan-Hendrick’s time at Grid, his work has included two Loeries Grand Prix winners for the Anti Est (2014) and Marble (2017) projects. His work has also been recognised internationally at D&AD and OneShow. When asked how they felt about being selected as judges at this Loeries?Jan-Hendrick explains, “As a creative, it is one of the greatest milestones to be recognised by the Loeries for your work. Yatish replied, “Honour aside, I think there it is a huge responsibility to judge at the Loeries. As individuals, we constantly judge whatever we encounter, and I really don’t think it’s about bringing that bias in. To be part of shaping a collective opinion is something I am incredibly honoured and humbled by.”What they were most looking forward to from Loeries 2019? Yatish says, “More than anything I’m looking to be shaken out of my comfort zone, challenged by what I see and rewarded by the process as much as the awarded. Jan-Hendrick replied, “I want to see design playing a prominent role in all disciplines inside and outside our creative industry to solve problems and communicate clearly and creatively.”What’s the biggest trend in advertising that they expected to see from this year’s entries?  “Based on the overall results from the international awards, I think work will be more focused on contextually relevant executions,” concludes Jan-Hendrick.Yatish explains, “I’m not really one for trends, and I’m certainly not looking forward to work that’s trying too hard to find a purpose. If the work is genuinely trying to solve problems and demonstrates purpose through it, great!”Absa x intel Drone light show from Grid Worldwide on Vimeo.For more:Bizcommunity search: Loeries Creative Week DurbanGoogle news search: LoeriesTwitter search: LoeriesOfficial site: www.loeries.com, Facebook, Twitter, InstagramMore info: Creative Week Durban overview