“It's been a tough year for many SMMEs in South Africa and we all have to sharpen our pencils to stay ahead in this economy, but the good news is that there are always new opportunities for those who go the extra mile to ensure quality and consistent return on investment for their clients,” says Founder Judith Middleton. Founded in 2006, INOVO provides solutions that help businesses transform customer experience, drive efficiencies in contact centres, save costs, and get optimum value out of technology. INOVO's customer-centric approach goes beyond being a technology provider - their unique business model promotes a culture of being business "partners" rather than "vendors" to their clients. The company aims to solve business problems with the combination of deep experience, technology and a desire to ensure that its client's businesses perform better with personalised customer journeys.  They have an impressive client list including Woolworths Financial Services and Vodacom. Social Places is a martech company that specialises in location-based marketing and reputation management for multi-location and franchised brands. The product suites, GoListings, GoReview, GoAds, GoSocial and GoBookings all work in unison to provide brands with a holistic solution to manage their online presence through the use of a single dashboard. In addition to the vast improvement of internal efficiencies, services are coupled with state-of-the-art reporting that offers granular insight in a simple user friendly form, for both stores and brands. The company's products are used across 27 countries with over 50,000 managed listings. They have aggregated over 1,500,000 customer reviews with a client portfolio including the likes of McDonald’s, Virgin Active, Pep, Ackermans, Ocean Basket, Spur Steak Ranches, Kauai, Midas and Mica and more. Social Places are official TripAdvisor and Google partners. With Q3 upon us and all the economic indicators pointing south, DUO is proud to be selected and committed to partnering with the real thought leaders of the local tech industry who are growing and scaling businesses and most importantly creating jobs in South Africa.