Over 1000 entries were submitted and 678 entries making it to final judging, indicating the high standard of work produced by the SSA region. FoxP2 South Africa walked away with one gold and one silver for the IndieFin Mullet Campaign. Their disruptive campaign rubbed up against the traditional life insurance category to connect with a new generation of customers in new ways. They used innovative tactics to keep costs down, empowering a start-up to compete with established players.In the ultra-competitive field of life insurance, every campaign element contributes towards moving people towards a sale. IndieFin’s Mullet campaign outperformed FoxP2’s previous campaign benchmarks from start. On the award win, Michael Lees-Rolfe, Creative Director for FoxP2 stated “We’re honoured to have been recognised in two innovation-led categories, amongst some very strong competition from the network. The accolades further underline our belief in the power of disruptive and relevant ideas to deliver great business results, and we’re starting to see more and more brave clients like Indiefin embrace this approach in a fluid and collaborative way to great effect.”The re-launch of Absa in South Africa won Carat a bronze for proving marketing effectiveness – work that drives compelling performance or direct commerce results that translates into positive outcomes and has tangible impact for the network clients’ businesses. Carat re-launched the Absa brand through an omni-channel approach, at scale. Selected platforms drove engagement and participation, to establish the new Absa positioning, and ensured that all South Africans saw it, engaged with it and were inspired by it.The 354 judges from across the business were looking for entries that “told the story... work that matters, work that motivates people, changes behaviours, creates real impact, and inspires the next level of innovation and Africa managed to execute on exactly that.”Dawn Rowlands, CEO for Dentsu Aegis Network SSA also in attendance at the Awards commented, “I am immensely proud of our African Network and the standard of work that was represented at the Innovation Awards. We continue to push boundaries and create an environment that fosters innovation to execute the best work for our clients in the digital economy.”