Garmin welcomes Team Sky and Rally-UHC Cycling and is proud to continue sponsorship of EF Education First Pro Cycling, Mitchelton-SCOTT, Movistar Team, Team Dimension Data for Qhubeka and Trek-Segafredo this year. Even further, Garmin will continue its support of the CLIF Pro Team, CUBE Action Team, Scott-SRAM and Trek Factory Racing mountain biking teams.“These teams are full of talented athletes, including some world champion cyclists, and we are excited to get our innovative products onto their bikes to help with training, racing and adventure,” said Susan Lyman, Garmin vice president of global consumer marketing. “Garmin has been a dedicated sponsor of professional cycling teams for more than a decade and we are proud to continue our commitment to the sport by providing the teams with GPS bike computers, cycling awareness accessories and multisport GPS watches.”The sponsored teams will be equipped with an array of Garmin products to help increase performance while also seeking to provide a safer cycling environment. Edge®cycling computers, including the Edge 130, Edge 520 Plus and Edge 1030, will provide data and key metrics to cyclists, as well as GPS and navigational support. The teams will also be riding with the Varia RTL510 Rearview Radar in training which will warn of vehicles approaching from behind, while a tail light brightens and flashes to alert drivers of a cyclist ahead. Additionally, many of the sponsored teams will use multisport GPS smartwatches, including the Forerunner 935 and fēnix 5 Plus, to monitor the distance they travel, the calories they burn and how much quality sleep they get every night. The teams will also benefit from the Index smart scale that measures weight, body fat, skeletal muscle mass and more. To learn more about the gear these teams will race and train with, click here. The ever-expanding Garmin fitness segment develops technologies to enhance and promote healthy and active lifestyles for cyclists of all skill levels. Using an array of cycling products, including Edge GPS computers, Varia safety awareness products and Vector pedal-based power meters, Garmin makes products that can help cyclists reach their health and fitness goals.For decades, Garmin has pioneered new GPS navigation and wireless devices and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary markets, including automotive, aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor recreation. For more information, visit Garmin's virtual pressroom at garmin.com/newsroom, contact the Media Relations department at 913-397-8200, or follow us at facebook.com/garmin, twitter.com/garmin, instagram.com/garmin or youtube.com/garmin. About Garmin International, Inc. Garmin International, Inc. is a subsidiary of Garmin Ltd. (Nasdaq: GRMN). Garmin Ltd. is incorporated in Switzerland, and its principal subsidiaries are located in the United States, Taiwan and the United Kingdom.Garmin, Edge, Forerunner and fēnix are registered trademarks and Varia, Index and Vector are trademarks of Garmin Ltd. or its subsidiaries.All other brands, product names, company names, trademarks and service marks are the properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.Notice on Forward-Looking Statements: This release includes forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Such statements are based on management’s current expectations. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this release may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties affecting Garmin, including, but not limited to, the risk factors listed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2018, filed by Garmin with the Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission file number 0-31983). A copy of such Form 10-K is available at http://www.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/finReports.html. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Garmin undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.