FNB is fundamentally committed to developing future leaders and thinkers, so the partnership represents multiple synergies between the trailblazing media association and the leading banking group. “The Amasa Workshop aims to empower professionals working in the media industry,” says Sadika Fakir, Media Head at FNB South Africa. “It therefore supports and gives expression to FNB’s strategy of providing exponential help, both to its customers and the South African community as a whole.“Through this partnership, we aim to equip young people entering into or already working in the media industry with the knowledge and experience they need to build their own careers, as well as to add value to both their industry and the economy as a whole.”  “We are thrilled that the FNB team have confirmed their commitment to Amasa’s education initiatives in 2019,” says Amasa Chairman Wayne Bishop. “As headline sponsor of the Amasa Workshop Program, FNB will have a front row seat into the minds of the industry’s most promising talent. All attendees are looking forward to answering the FNB call to work on a live brief. Good luck to the delegates and a massive thank you to our partners!”The Amasa Workshop, which has been presented to sold-out audiences since 2016, will run over three jam-packed days at the end of March. Featuring top industry experts, it will consist of a series of speed-networking, panel-style discussions rather than traditional classroom-style lectures. Designed to engage delegates in a way that reflects the fast-moving communications environment we live in today, it will provide a snapshot view of the media landscape and also delve into the inner workings of disciplines such as strategy and media planning.  The event has always been a rite of passage for young professionals in the media and advertising industry, helping them to build the knowledge and muscle necessary to compete in such a dynamic context. It provides delegates with the opportunity to engage in an interactive learning process created to empower them to collaborate with suppliers better, improve the quality of responses, network amongst the movers and shakers in the industry, and build long-term relationships. Bookings are now open for the workshop and space is limited. So if your company operates in the media and advertising industry - whether as an agency, media owner or marketer – you have a unique opportunity to inspire your most talented and promising staff and to provide them with an invaluable foundation in industry-related management and leadership skills. As tickets to the workshop are limited and always in high demand, we recommend securing a booking for your staff as soon as possible. ------COSTS:R 5,999 per person sharing (Amasa members)R 6,499 per person sharing (Non- Amasa members)PLEASE NOTE:All bookings and confirmations need to be finalised by Friday, 22 March 2019. The cost for the workshop includes accommodation, all meals, and all lecture notes and stationery. Costs do not include transport to the venue, beverages (cooldrinks or alcoholic drinks), telephone calls, room service or additional leisure activities outside of the curriculum. These are additional to the package and will be charged directly to the delegate should he or she make use of them. To make your booking, please contact Natalie Heyns at natalie@cinevation.co.zabRev('brev-0afb91a3-90d6-481c-ad20-ed946d6d5900', '>a/\<az.oc.noitavenic@eilatan>"az.oc.noitavenic;46#&eilatan:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<').  For general enquiries about the workshop and sponsorship opportunities, please contact Fagan Abraham Fagan.Abraham@omd.co.zabRev('brev-6a6b8348-7e06-40f4-a572-d68f37d95b68', '>a/\<az.oc.dmo@maharbA.nagaF>"az.oc.dmo;46#&maharbA.nagaF:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<')