Ogilvy took home a total of eight awards on the evening, for work created on a broad range of clients including: KFC, Carling Black Label, Kimberley-Clark and Multichoice. “We’re honoured to be recognised so generously by the industry,” said Ogilvy South Africa CCO Pete Case. “It’s been a year of tough competition and huge change in the media landscape. We’re especially encouraged to have won in such diverse categories – including Digital, PR, Media, Live and Out of Home. This reinforces our ability to deliver cross-media thinking and to enable our clients to effectively connect with today’s modern consumer.” Case congratulated all the winners on the night, especially Group of the Year co-winners TBWA. “Looking at the work our industry is creating right now, this is certainly a great time to be in Advertising.” The Overall Group award is a vote of confidence in the One Ogilvy process, which saw several divisions consolidated into a single entity, with one point of client contact. Ogilvy recently completed its Next Chapter refounding, expanding its capabilities across the entire marketing value chain through collaborative retail partnerships, growing the PR and influence capability, and launching the social-media e-commerce division, Social.Lab. The Creative Circle is a non-profit organisation that believes in promoting creativity as a business resource, maintaining high levels of creativity in South African advertising and providing input into industry bodies. It “aims to inspire the transformation of product, people and perception through the power of creativity.” Ogilvy awards won on the night:  1st Place in PR & MEDIA: Ogilvy CPT - KFC Streetwise 2  1st Place in LIVE: Ogilvy CPT - Carling Black Label  3rd Place in LIVE: Ogilvy JHB - DSTV Halloween Sleepover  1st Place in OOH :Ogilvy CPT - Carling Black Label  1st Place in DIGITAL & INTERACTIVE: Ogilvy JHB - Huggies Baby Marathon  1st Place AGENCY WINNER: Ogilvy CPT  2nd Place OVERALL RANKINGS AGENCY OF THE YEAR: Ogilvy JHB  Tie 1st Place OVERALL RANKINGS GROUP OF THE YEAR for 2018 goes to TBWA SA and Ogilvy SA