Leanne Pechey & Billy LascarisThe Johannesburg expansion will be headed up by marketing industry heavy-weight Billy Lascaris, the son of legendary adman Reg Lascaris. Having initially started his career in the legal profession, Billy went on to work at below- and above-the-line agencies in South Africa, the USA and UK before beginning his career in the experiential and sports/entertainment space. Since 2000 he has worked at the world’s leading experiential sports agency, Octagon, and co-founded two specialist agencies in the form of Matchworld and RE Experience Architects/Openfield. With 22 years of experience he is one of South Africa’s leading practitioners in this space. Lascaris says, “I am exceptionally excited to join this vibrant, creative agency that shares the same values as me in delivering captivating and effective work. The experiential marketing space is an amazing field which provides the real-world anchor for digital interaction. With the further expansion of digital platforms and channels, experiential will be crucial in physically connecting with consumers to develop deeper more meaningful brand relationships. These relationships can then be sustained and nurtured further via digital to convert customers and entrench loyalty.” Matriarch’s Managing Director, Leanne Pechey, said she too is excited about Billy’s new role in heading up the Johannesburg Matriarch team. “Being in the experiential space means we are constantly evolving and innovating to meet the needs of our clients’ customers and the millions of consumers we engage with annually. This growth and evolution are also intrinsic of our own brand and company. We believe that within the Gauteng region there are multiple opportunities where we can assist brands and clients to reach the consumer within modern and traditional channels. I believe Billy is the right man for the job with his through-the-line background matched with our history of collaborating with above-the-line (ATL) and digital agencies. This alone is a winning formula to demonstrate to clients how we can play a vital role in creating an integrated approach whereby activations are used to further enhance and expand the desired campaign reach,” Pechey added. Matriarch has earned themselves a formidable reputation when it comes to delivering impactful activations on time and within budget and has demonstrated time and again why they are at the forefront of their industry. Clients who have benefitted from the expertise and experience of Matriarch’s services include that of Woolworths, Beiersdorf, Pioneer Foods Standard Bank and Unilever to name a few. The enhanced Johannesburg Matriarch offering has been active from 1 September 2019 to meet client objectives in a disruptive, engaging and effective way. To get in touch with Billy, email him on billy@matriarch.co.zabRev('brev-31bfb91b-29ab-411c-82ad-ae336b784b8d', '>a/\<az.oc.hcrairtam@yllib>"az.oc.hcrairtam;46#&yllib:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<') or 083 564 5257.