In celebration of SA’s heritage month (September) which recognises aspects of South African culture which are both tangible and intangible, Amasa will be hosting an insightful Igniters Forum aimed at exploring the diverse cultural dynamics of SA consumers and highlighting what most brands are missing in their understanding of these consumers.South African consumers are amongst the most diverse in the world, imagine what local and multinational brands have to go through to unlock the human truth behind what drives these consumers to behave in a certain way.  A Global Diversity Index 2019 by Rickshaw Travel, places South Africa’s diversity at 9th position in the world. Technology has enabled brands to access certain information about consumers through Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence and the likes.  However first-hand human-human interactions remains the real deal when it comes to understanding the diverse cultural dynamics of South African consumers.  Hence it remains critically important for South African marketers and agencies to make a personal effort in understanding the interesting diverse cultural dynamics of our consumers.Amasa (Advertising and Media Association of South Africa) together with thought leaders in the communication industry professionals will gather to discuss this topic.The Amasa Ignite Forum, remains a premier forum for discussion about issues of importance to the advertising and media industries. Join us as we host Louis Seeco, CEO Elements Advertising and Brand Pilgrimage, as he shares his first-hand experience of a journey he took many years ago in the quest to unlock the human truth behind South African consumers and what the modern consumer has evolved to since then.  “If you’re looking for the mass market, you might find the mess market.” – Louis Seeco Tickets to the forum are free but limited, book now to secure your place. Forum details: Date: Wednesday, 11 September 2019  Time: 16h30 to 18h00, followed by a networking event.  Venue: Ster-Kinekor Head Office, 185 Katherine Street, Sandton  RSVP to  Andrew Maluleka @ andrewatamasa@gmail.combRev('brev-adf663ca-0dc8-477b-bf18-ea6ecfbd94f3', '>a/\<moc.liamg@asamatawerdna>"moc.liamg;46#&asamatawerdna:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<').