DUO is a leading PR and digital marketing agency serving the business-to-business technology industry in Southern Africa. We are member of Plexus PR globally ensuring that local standards meet global best practices.Our business is 15 years old with a solid track record as one of South Africa’s leading B2B tech agencies. Our mission is to give tech innovators a voice.What we will offerThis programme will be a practical, mentored, hands on first-job environment where DUO will teach the selected graduate the foundations of how to effectively elevate the brands of enterprise technology companies in South Africa through PR and digital marketing efforts.One successful applicant will be selected for our Johannesburg branch and one applicant for our Cape Town branch.The programme duration will be six months with the possibility of full-time employment should the graduate prove to match DUO’s standard of excellence, and collaborative company culture.Some examples of what you will learn Understanding the commercial role of PR in business Strategy development Reporting to match clients business objectives Project management and workflow Budgeting and forecasting Prioritising tasks – important vs urgent Accountability and integrity. Building trust and dependability with your peers and clients. Differentiation of ordinary to extraordinary Media management – tools and tips to ensure excellent results in the media Digital tools and techniques for amplifying PR Best practises for digital PR reporting and measurement Writing award winning contentThis Graduate Programme is a paid, non linear learning opportunity which will take the form of practical, on the job mentoring and task setting rather than a typical academic approach.Selection criteriaWe are looking for applicants with a real hunger to deliver excellence in PR and demonstrate a match with DUO’s value and culture. The successful applicant will aspire to The Essence of DUO.We will be selecting candidates based on submission of the following: CV with a motivation letter as to why DUO should consider you for this graduate program. Please specify your preference of Cape Town or Johannesburg Academic results of 75% or above University transcripts A letter of reference from a professional sourceIn addition, we require that you submit a self-made video, answering 5 questions in less than 5 minutes: What’s unique about DUO? What value do you think you can bring to the company? What difference do you think this graduate programme can bring to you? Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years? How do you know you will match and enhance our culture and values?If we do not receive all of the above mentioned items, we simply cannot consider your application fairly and it will be disqualified.Applications open on 15 September and close on 15 October, please note that no late applications will be accepted. Selection finalisation by 15 November for start in 2nd week of January 2020.We look forward to hearing from you!Let's change this economy, one job at a time, for the benefit of all.