Heritage – history, traditions, practices, language, etc. of a particular country or people, that exist from the past, and that remain important today. To recognise Heritage Day in 2019, Independent Media has launched a campaign in honour of the fundamentally important contribution made by the many Africans and African countries, who enabled South Africa to overcome its dark past and create its new heritage, one that is celebrated on 24 September each year. The timing of this campaign could not be more appropriate or profound, considering the recent spate of xenophobia that has swept parts of the country. Independent Media executive chairman, Dr Iqbal Survé, has put his full support behind this campaign, which is in line with the company’s ‘media for social change’ standpoint, emphatically saying: “Transformation is at the heart of what we do at Independent Media. As an African media organisation with representation across the continent, I want to reach out and embrace our African comrades on this Heritage Day and say thank you for all your efforts in helping South Africa to attain its liberation.” Dr Survé also strongly condemns xenophobia in South Africa, referring to recent events as acts of terrorism and cowardice. “As we have done against racism, sexism, homophobia and femicide, so will we speak up and out against xenophobia.  We must do all that we can to educate the uninformed.  We will use our platforms for the promotion of cohesiveness and the protection of all our tomorrows that will form our collective African heritage.” This campaign is a timely reminder to South Africans of just how crucial other African countries were in fighting alongside millions of South Africans to achieve democracy. The spirit of the campaign is captured in the words: “Heritage Day is not only for every South African, but every African who made it possible.” Independent’s  Heritage Day campaign was conceptualised with its ad agency, FCB Durban, which has worked alongside the company’s marketing team over several years, rolling out Independent’s ‘media for social change’ projects, including ‘Racism Stops With Me’, ‘Don’t Look Away’, #IndependentWomen and most recently, the #MyPromise campaign, which addresses gender-based violence.  Celebrating those who made our Heritage Day possible today: Those who foughtbravely with and for us.The ones who helpedus overcome thedarkest hours of ournation’s history.Who cried and dancedwith us as wecelebrated freedom.Who shared our joy at thebirth of a new South Africa.The ones we once calledour brothers and sisters.The people who some now,sadly call foreigners.Heritage Day is not onlyfor every South African,but every African whomade it possible.That’s something totruly celebrate. Happy Heritage Day to every South African and African.#AllAfricanHeritageDay