Dentsu Aegis Networks creative agency FoxP2 took home three golds in the Print category and one bronze in the Media Innovation category.    FoxP2 was awarded gold for in the Print Advertising category for their National Geographic: Don’t Search. Discover – Snow, Echo, Moss, Skunk, Puddle campaign. They also won gold in the Indoor Posters category for the BBL Security Products: Never Lets Go – Recipe, Crown, Nuke, Ring campaign. The third gold awarded to FoxP2 was for the Print - Crafts illustration category for the BBL Security Products: Never Lets Go – Recipe, Crown, Ring, Nuke campaign. In addition to their three golds, the Foxes received a bronze award for their ER24 campaign titled Save A Number That Can Save Your Life – Guitar Guy 2, Library Chick. “Congrats to all the winners, it was great to see the distinctive South African flavour coming through across the award show and the big Grand Prix winners really celebrated the diversity our country has to offer.”  - Justin Gomes, FoxP2 Founding Creative Partner.Mutant the brand and identity design agency walked away with a bronze award in the Graphic Design – Wayfinding & Signage category for their Mutating Installation.  Carat SSA won bronze in the Media Innovation category for Diageo’s, Rio Ferdinand Live Billboard campaign. Graham Deneys, Group Strategy Director for Carat SSA, said, “To take home a Loerie in this fiercely contested category is proof of the Carat team’s dedication to constantly deliver groundbreaking innovation that complements our meticulous planning approach for clients.” Dentsu Aegis Network SSA has had an impressive year on the awards stage, winning numerous awards at the African Cristal Awards, Apex Awards and the E-Commerce Awards. Dawn Rowlands, CEO for Dentsu Aegis Network SSA, represented as a board member and Jury President for the Innovation panel, said the following about the award entries: “Come on, Africa – the Middle East is eating your lunch!” For more:Bizcommunity search: Loeries Creative Week DurbanGoogle news search: LoeriesTwitter search: LoeriesOfficial site: www.loeries.com, Facebook, Twitter, InstagramMore info: Creative Week Durban overview