Advanced technology and AI have sped up human progression, allowing us as humans to evolve at a pace that was previously inconceivable.These days we don’t have to wait long for reality to catch up with human imagination – advanced technologies and AI have helped human evolution to step up the pace considerably. When coupled with human capabilities, AI means that what you imagine today, could very well be achieved by tomorrow. What’s more, a newsworthy event (such as a space landing, for example) could be achieved with a huge social media following, influencer marketing campaigns and myriad advertising opportunities that capture the emotion of the moment and foster human connections; not to mention vlogs, blogs, branded memorabilia and everything in between. Because, just as humans change the world through technology, technology changes the way humans interact with each other and with the world. As technology advances, it’s helping humans to accelerate our own evolution.What does technology mean for the evolution of media, advertising and communication? Technology has always been at the forefront of the media and advertising industries. After all, the term “mass communication” was only coined as a result of technological advances that saw mechanical, moveable type, replace the cumbersome physical process of sorting and setting a hand-operated printing press. The technology was revolutionary at the time, leading to the relatively widespread dissemination of information and altering the course of history as a result. In comparison to the reach and speed of dissemination that was achieved through the subsequent invention of the personal computer and the dawn of the world wide web, the term “mass media” might have been an overstatement at the time. Likewise, the changes seen as a result of social media, ever-faster internet connections – with the associated widespread adoption of smart phones, ‘always on’ technology, live streaming and AI assistance – is changing the face of the industry. Technology not only helps businesses to grow and prosper through the automation of tasks and high-speed analysis of vast amounts of data; it’s also helping us to forge relationships, learn from one another and reach, and communicate with, more and more prospective customers. Big Data and advanced algorithms are now making it possible to track people’s interests, buying and reading behaviours, allowing brands to create highly targeted and personalised campaigns. But, what’s important to remember here is that while the technology can predict human behaviour to a certain extent and make sure that a product is placed in front of a potential customer at an optimal time for engagement, there’s still a human being at the other end, and human beings, if nothing else, are unpredictable.Added to this, consumers have become savvier. With so much information at their fingertips they are able to spend more time researching the product or service before they even think about buying. “While implementing things like a content hub and 360-degree advertising campaigns for our clients, we still adopt a human-first approach. Our titles are in touch with the communities that they serve and have built brand loyalty through timely, relevant content. It’s the quality and consistency of these titles that make them such valuable platforms for our advertisers. For us technology is about serving our readers first, not the other way around,” says Marise van der Lith, Brand Manager for Ads24.Remember to follow Ads24 @Ads24_News. Follow Ads24:.kInstance-Body .kInstance-SubHeading{font-size:18px;padding:0px;margin:0px} .kBodyTableT table td {padding:2px;} .kBodyTableT strong{border:1px solid red; font-size:12px;}