Dintle Makhubo, who graduated from the University of the Free State, started at DUO at the beginning of March, and is already reaping the rewards of the graduate programme.“When I first read about the DUO graduate programme, I was excited and applied without hesitation. My objective when I was looking for a job was to be part of a company that provides a safe space for growth as well as learning. I wanted a practical hands-on job where I could learn beyond the theory of my degree,” says Makhubo. The programme is designed to give recently degreed professionals who are entering the industry for the first time, a platform to gain valuable work experience, skills and knowledge. It is driven by mentorship, on-the-job experience and engagement with professionals who have years of experience across public relations and marketing (traditional and digital) disciplines.“My first month here has included practical work from creating media lists to client segmentation and social media posts - and everything else in between. What’s inspiring about working at DUO is how supportive the team is and how they value their clients. Throughout my studies we were taught about client value and to see it in reality is exceptional,” Makhubo adds."We believe we have a responsibility as a long standing industry player, to find and grow talent. Our programme is a practical, mentored, hands on first-job experience where we teach graduates the foundations of how to effectively elevate the brands of enterprise technology companies in South Africa through PR and digital marketing efforts," says Dominique Pienaar, CEO of DUO. With a solid 15 year track record, DUO is a leading digital PR and marketing agency specialised in serving the tech industry in southern Africa. As members of Global Plexus PR, DUO ensures that local standards meet global best practices and aims to give local tech innovators a differentiating voice.For more information on DUO Marketing + Communications, visit www.duomarketing.co.za.