The tremendous success of Red & Yellow’s inaugural Digital Agency Showcase last year proved that ambitious marketing and brand professionals are hungry to learn and grow. So with much excitement, shared by repeat-partner IAB SA, Red & Yellow announces that the 2nd Digital Agency Showcase will take place on 16 May 2019 at their wonderful campus in Salt River, Cape Town. Rallying together South Africa’s top digital agencies to share their knowledge, insights, wisdom and advice in 45-minute slots, followed by a 15-minute Q&A session to allow the audience to drill deeper. Participating agencies will be encouraged to demonstrate the value derived from unconventional approaches -  driven by project teams that are diverse, comprised of both mavens and mavericks. We’ll be revealing the agencies over the course of the next few weeks. Initiatives like these play an important strategic role in delivering on Red & Yellow’s founding purpose: making lifelong learning accessible to all in myriad ways and driving deep connections between education and industry. “The aim of the showcase is to share insights, wisdom and innovations in the industry with local businesses, entrepreneurs the marketing community, and friends of the industry. This event speaks directly to the IAB’s mission to create smart, actionable insights to make better digital decisions, and we’re thrilled to partner for a second year with Red & Yellow at this incredible event,” says Paula Hulley, CEO of the IAB South Africa. Details Guests are encouraged to arrive early, at 08h00, for some coffee and networking. The event runs from 9am until 5:30pm, followed by sunset drinks at the rooftop bar. If you aren’t lucky enough to nab the first 50 free seats, then there are two options:  VIP status: R950 ensures that 40 important delegates only are accorded the respect and status they deserve with front-row seating, unlimited food and drinks throughout the event, and undercover parking.  Premium: R250  Alumni perk: The first 50 who RSVP get these seats for free. For more information about the Digital Agency Showcase or to book your seat, email alumnialumni@redandyellow.co.zabRev('brev-937f301d-530c-4b61-bbf2-8d9ef2f5f7d5', '>a/\<az.oc.wolleydnader@inmulainmula>"az.oc.wolleydnader;46#&inmulainmula:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<') or secure a ticket at Quicket.