Red & Yellow was founded in 1994 by industry gurus who were frustrated with the graduates being produced by academia; sparking the purpose of education that properly prepared students with not only the knowledge, but the practical ability to implement as well as the human skills so necessary in the workplace environment.  In recognition of these five visionary founders and leaders who created and then grew this great school, the scholarships will be awarded to 5 South African students who have demonstrated exceptional abilities, innate talent and a committed attitude of enthusiasm.The first scholarship, launched last year, is the Bob Rightford Scholarship for the student who has proven to be an exceptionally creative business thinker, even at a young age. Bob Rightford, a local business legend who sadly passed away last year, was not only one of the founders of the Red & Yellow School, but also the founder of iconic South African creative agency, Rightford, Searle-Tripp and Makin (which evolved into Ogilvy).For talented creative dynamos who challenge the status quo, two scholarships for the BA in Visual Communication Degree are being offered in recognition of Brian Searle-Tripp, Bob’s founding creative partner and Allan Raaf, Brian’s creative partner at both the agency and the school. Red & Yellow’s creative legacy is unmatched, based on the many local and international Executive Creative Directors it has produced. These scholarships will give two youngsters who have demonstrated profound creative talents, but perhaps lack the resources necessary to fund their own tuition, an opportunity to continue this astounding legacy.John Cooney, former MD of the school, only joined in the late 90’s. But he had a profound impact on the institution by introducing the flagship Advanced Diploma in Marketing and Advertising Communications, which has become fondly known as AdMAC or simply MAC. This phenomenal one-year post-graduate programme has been the seminal starting point of many highly-successful careers in the marketing and advertising industry. Veli Ngubane, 2008 graduate of the AdMAC programme and founder of South Africa’s largest black-owned agency believes that "Red & Yellow had a profound impact on my life. The school showed me the power of creative thinking, and I now use these skills every day to grow our business".The final scholarship speaks to the values of Red & Yellow and is named in honour of Hazel Pearson, the first General Manager of the school. This scholarship applies to any one of the school’s full-time programmes, and will be awarded to a youngster who can demonstrate an attitude of enthusiasm and kindness so profound, they’ll be sure to leave an indelible mark on the school and its culture. Wesley Fredericks, Managing Director, hopes that “These scholarships are a way of passing the baton on to the next generation, and a fitting tribute to the incredible impact these founders and leaders had on their students and industry in general.”Applications for the scholarships closes 25 January 2019. More information available at redandyellow.com.  PS: Deadline extended! Applications for our full-time Degrees, industry-revered Advanced Diplomas and 1-year Certificates have been extended to 31 Jan. Affect someone you know? Tell them to get in quick to secure one of the last few 'seats'.