“We are capitalising on the excitement about having our own building for the first time in the 33 years since Algoa FM first started broadcasting,” he says.Algoa FM has already started moving into the iconic media house development which has been purpose-built in Nelson Mandela Bay’s beautiful Baakens River Valley.“What is really significant for us is that the entire team is from the Eastern Cape. We have the talent, and Algoa FM is proud to celebrate and showcase it,” says Jay.Listeners will still wake up to Algoa Country’s favourite early morning voice, Siobhan Momberg, who is on air from five to six am weekdays.“Our music mix will be getting a slight tweak based on the station’s research of its target market, along with some other changes to refresh the sound,” says programme manager Baydu Adams.“We cannot wait for 1 January to launch and showcase our new line up and give the listeners what they’ve been asking for,” he says. Multi award-winning broadcaster Wayne Hart will join Charlton Tobias and Lee Duru "in an all-new breakfast show adventure", which promises to entertain listeners with some fresh and interactive radio.“The team know each other well, and the energy and creativity that sparks in the room when they are together is really energising - just what is needed first thing in the morning while preparing for a day at work,” says Jay. Mio Khondleka and KayCee Rossouw will trade morning weekday slots.“From nine till 12 Mio will provide some mid-morning magic for listeners, with KayCee hosting us through lunch until three in the afternoon.“We are then adding more vooma to the high-octane Drive with Roland Gaspar from three till seven in the afternoon. Watch this space...,” says Jay.The two evening shows with Queenie Grootboom Khondleka and Vinny Nogemane have proven extremely popular with listeners and “if it ain’t broke... don’t fix it,” says Jay.“In addition, Algoa FM will introduce some fresh voices to our highly-acclaimed news team. “Two-time Vodacom Regional Journalist of the Year Award Winner, Siyabonga Sesant, who is originally from Port Elizabeth, will be on duty behind the news mic until mid-day during the week. “Siyabonga is a sought-after freelance radio and television news journalist who has spent many hours refining his craft on 5FM, KFM, Eye Witness News, eNCA and Newzroom Afrika.“Popular Algoa FM presenter, Roch-Lè Bloem will take over the hot seat from Siyabonga from the one-o-clock news and see us through to the end of the afternoon drive with Roland Gaspar.“And, who knows, Roch-Lè may even ask ‘who’s there?’ when Roland launches into one of his trademark ‘knock, knock’ jokes. “Both Siyabonga and Roch-Lè are backed by Algoa FM’s top news stalwarts of Shadley Nash, Neil Bisseker, Doreen Loubser and Deon Blume,” says Jay. Saturday’s plans are still under wraps, but the new Sunday line-up starts with Roch-Lè Bloem, who says she will keep listeners “calm but motivated.”Lance du Plessis will continue to present the very popular “Sounds of Time” from nine till mid-day, followed by Charl Leslie with “a fresh lunch offering."“From three till seven KayCee Rossouw will continue with his Soul Sessions, another show that is a hit with our listeners. “The rest of the day is unchanged, with Queenie Grootboom Khondleka on air from seven till ten, followed by Vinny Nogemane.”