The Interactive Marketing Awards, in association with Pubcon, celebrate and reward excellence in Interactive Marketing campaigns, agencies and in-house teams. The awards attract hundreds of entries from the leading search and digital agencies from across the US and to those based elsewhere around the globe who are delivering work for the US market. At Marketing Matterz we strive to deliver quality results that keep us at the top of the game and our talents have been found! We are proud to announce that out of the hundreds of entries we showed our aptitudes and stood out from the rest, in-turn we have been shortlisted for the marketing award. The awards feature 28 categories that will be judged by a panel of international industry experts at a celebratory gala dinner on March 6, 2019 at Fort Lauderdale Convention Centre. The judging is a robust, credible and transparent two-step process, involving pre-scoring and a face to face panel discussion. Marketing is no longer about the stuff that you make, but about the stories you tell. Marketing Matterz was established in 2010 and officially opened up shop a year ago. If you have a dream, we have the wings to get you there. We answer your business prayers and make the impossible possible. Whether you have a small startup business or have already started climbing the business ladder, we can help you reach the stars by attaining business objectives and increasing brand awareness to keep your business at the top of the game. At Marketing Matterz we are dedicated to telling our story and our clients’ stories. A story tells the journey that was accomplished to get to the destination. We are grateful for this opportunity to add into our successes over the past year. Even with this accomplishment, we are not done yet! If you're a good marketing person, you have to be a little crazy! Here at Marketing Matterz we have a spring in our step and innovations in mind, we are always looking for ways to better ourselves and climb up the ladder to success.