ECR Sport Presenters, Sky Tshabalala and Gareth Jenkinson made the announcement to loyal fans present, and to the listeners of KZN’s No.1 Hit Music Station on-air at half time while broadcasting live from Jonsson Kings Park. A yellow rugby ball was handed over by East Coast Radio’s General Manager, Boni Mchunu to The Sharks COO Eduard Coetzee to signify the partnership. This year, the two forefront brands in KZN decided to celebrate their long-standing relationship by making their partnership official as they welcome and promote common interests: world-class radio, riveting sport and giving back to the community. Boni Mchunu expressed her delight on the partnership and said that this relationship is one that ECR cherishes very much. “We have had a great relationship with the Sharks for quite a number of years now however we never referred to it as a contractual agreement because our relationship with this brand is so much more than just that. We are both two proudly KZN brands who believe in serving our communities and merging resources for the greater good. Alone we can do much but together we can do so much more. I am extremely excited about what we have planned for the near future and feel confident that this partnership will pave the way for many great moments in KZN,” said Mchunu. Echoing very similar sentiments The Sharks COO Eduard Coetzee added: “Our partnership with East Coast Radio started a number of years ago and through the years ECR has remained a valued partner of The Sharks.  We thank Boni and her team for the continued support they provide to the brand and for keeping fans informed.  Our two brands share a similar vision and we look forward to taking this partnership to new levels in the coming years.”The home of the Sharks also saw East Coast Radio presenters and KZN household names like Darren Maule, Jane Linley-Thomas, Keri Miller, Bongani Mtolo, Mags and Deon Govender in attendance to show their support for The Sharks. The ECR Music Maker Chill Zone was also present as East Coast Radio activated their 28-Day ECR Music Makeover. The activation saw people vote for their favourite songs at a live voting station outside the Shark Tank where they walked away with spot prizes as well as cash.East Coast Radio wishes the Cell C Sharks all the best for the current rugby season and would like to encourage KZN to get behind our boys and show them support. Follow the journey on social media and on ecr.co.za as KZN’s No.1 Hit Music Station and KZN’s favourite rugby team make this province the coolest place to be.