28 – 31 March 2019, Riverstone Lodge  The Amasa Workshop, which has been presented to sold-out audiences since 2016, promises to deliver the best-ever programme in 2019 – and bookings are now open! Last year, Amasa introduced an entirely new format, which was a huge success. Featuring 40 top industry experts, the workshop took the form of a series of speed-networking, panel-style discussions rather than traditional classroom-style lectures, engaging delegates in a way that reflects the fast-moving communications environment we live in today. Designed to encourage greater audience participation, these sessions enabled delegates to engage in real-life, first-hand leaning experiences, as well as to benefit from on-the-spot coaching. The 2019 workshop will take the same form, comprising two jam-packed days of intensive learning that will provide a snapshot of the media landscape and delve into the inner workings of disciplines such as strategy and media planning, followed by a third day of assessment and feedback. The workshop has always been a rite of passage for young professionals in the media and advertising industry, helping them to build the knowledge and muscle necessary to compete in an ever-changing communications environment – and this year it promises to be better than ever! Delegates will be organised into groups and a selected client will present a live brief to each one. The groups will then be required to develop and present an integrated strategy outlining goals, challenges, implementable solutions and measurement methodologies back to the client. Feedback on the various strategies will take place on the third day, when judging will also take place. And after all that hard work – in true industry style – everyone will have the opportunity to enjoy a celebratory graduation dinner and party.The workshop will provide both new and experienced media practitioners with the opportunity to fully understand the briefing process from an agency point of view and to engage in an active learning process that will empower them to collaborate with suppliers better, improve the quality of responses, network amongst the movers and shakers in the industry, and build long-term relationships.  If your company operates in the media and advertising industry, whether as an agency, media owner or marketer, this workshop will inspire your most talented and promising staff, providing an invaluable foundation in industry-related, management and leadership skills that will keep your business ahead of the curve in an ever-changing communications landscape.As tickets to the workshop are limited and always in high demand, we recommend securing a booking for your staff as soon as possible. Discounts on early bird bookings apply!  Costs: Three-day WorkshopAmasa Members: R5,499 per person sharing Non Members: R5,999 per person sharingPlease note: All bookings and confirmations need to be finalised by 21 March 2019. The cost for the workshop includes accommodation, all meals, and all lecture notes and stationery. Costs do not include transport to the venue, beverages (cool drinks or alcoholic drinks), telephone calls, room service or additional leisure activities outside of the curriculum. These are additional to the package and will be charged directly to the delegate should he or she make use of them. To make your booking, please contact Natalie Heyns at natalie@cinevation.co.zabRev('brev-75c71f98-055f-4540-ba78-4e2967d8aace', '>a/\<az.oc.noitavenic@eilatan>"az.oc.noitavenic;46#&eilatan:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<').  For general enquiries about the workshop and sponsorship opportunities, please contact Parmeshan Moodliar at pm@sparkmedia.co.zabRev('brev-3401a1aa-f255-4645-9068-8e7de7ee3e42', '>a/\<az.oc.aidemkraps@mp>"az.oc.aidemkraps;46#&mp:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<') or Fagan Abraham Fagan.Abraham@omd.co.zabRev('brev-fe0e59c9-dcae-47ca-8664-d0c7c8030044', '>a/\<az.oc.dmo@maharbA.nagaF>"az.oc.dmo;46#&maharbA.nagaF:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<')