This year marks the fifth anniversary of the annual Amasa (Advertising and Media Association of South Africa) Awards. The Amasa Awards exist to celebrate successful ‘all-rounder’ media campaigns; ones which are based on sound insights, underpinned by great ideas and followed through with perfectly executed strategy to achieve outstanding and measurable results – all the while celebrating innovation. This year we’re taking the awards to the next level by investing in cutting-edge technology to provide the industry with a professional entry interface and an independent judging process, providing peace of mind to all entrants.  With this technology, developed by The Loerie Awards Company, the awards promise to be bigger, better and more professional than ever before. Amasa has partnered with Contact Media to facilitate the awards event. Committee member Taryn Hood, Special Projects at Publicis Media explains, “whilst we remain a non-profit organisation, we are committed to reinvesting as much money and value back into industry education as possible through all our initiatives.” Charlie Wannell, Head of Marketing at Mediamark, and an Amasa committee member agrees: “last year we had a record number of entries. These awards are an industry jewel run by a dedicated volunteer committee who will take learnings from previous years. This year new technology and ideas have been introduced to ensure the Awards remain world class and in line, if not ahead, of industry standards.” The Amasa Awards call out to all media practitioners’ nationwide to show off their best work implemented between 1 July 2018 and 30 June 2019. This is an opportunity to inspire and motivate media talent to stretch themselves and aspire to reach and exceed international standards. The campaigns will fall into one of the 27 categories, over and above the categories we have the coveted Roger Garlick Grand Prix, awarded to the best work presented overall. This year we are also introducing two additional categories: best integrated campaign for the rest of Africa and best in channel work for TV, radio, print and out-of-home. Dates to diariseEntries open: 25 July 2019Entries close: Midnight, 30 August 2019Shortlist announced: Mid-September 2019Gala Evening and Award Ceremony: Thursday, 24 October 2019 To ensure the applicants are informed, there is another Awards first, the Entry Success Workshop, which will be held end July 2019. At the workshop, attendees will be taken through the judging process, score weightings and new entry management system as well as be given tips and tricks on how to develop an award-winning entry. Entries are now open. Please visit www.AmasaAwards.co.za for more information.