Maxim Behar is a Bulgarian businessman, journalist and diplomat. He is the CEO of the leading Bulgarian PR company M3 Communications Group, Inc. and an Honorary Consul General of Republic of Seychelles to Bulgaria. At the end of 2017, he finished his mandate as President of the World PR Organization ICCO. A few weeks ago, Maxim Behar was elected Chairman of the PR Committee of the World Consuls’ Federation FICAC. As President he will coordinate the overall activities of the Association, will be its speaker and will cover the region of Americas.Yanina Dubeykoskaya is one of the founders of WCFA and, in her own right, a distinguished speaker in many global events. She currently serves as President of the Women's Influence Forum and is the immediate past President of WCFA. She will serve position of VP on Public speakers with the aim to grow up quality and influence of public speakers globally.   Sabina Yagizarova is a well-known expert in public communications in the energy field. She lives in Moscow and is the current Corporate Affairs Manager of Salym Petroleum. As VP she will cver the Russian speaking countries and also will be responsible for corporate communications and public affairs issues.  Solly Moeng is an experienced brand reputation management expert who lives in Cape Town, South Africa. He’s also an experienced columnist, speaker, and regular media commentator on current affairs. Apart from being MD of Cape Town-based DonValley Reputation Managers, he also founded the annual Brand Summit South Africa and the Africa Brand Summit, which interrogates destination/country brand reputations with a view to proposing the best strategies to manage destination/country image. Solly is also a past President of the Public Relations Institute of Southern Africa (PRISA). As VP he will be responsible for branding and country oriented marketing and also for Africa Region.   Prior to launching his own company in Portugal, Jon-Hans Coetzer served as the Chief Academic Officer of the EU Business School Group with campuses in Geneva, Montreux, Barcelona, and Munich. He also served as Chief Academic Officer of Glion Institute of Higher Education, as Academic Dean of IHTTI. He has an established record of working with a variety of higher education partners including private and public universities in the United Kingdom, Europe and in the United States. He has over 20 years of experience as a senior academic leader in higher education. As VP he will be responsible  for training, education and speaker sections of the events and also for the region of Europe. Ganesh Chandrasekaran has over 25 years of experience in digital transformation, launching and managing digital content, products and services for global companies and across various domains. He currently works in futurist technologies such as 5G, Rich Communication, Analytics, IoT and AR/VR space. As VP he will be responsible for Asia region and also for social Media, new technologies and IT developments,Every year in March, the Forum gathers communication experts from all over the world in Davos/Geneva, Switzerland to share know-how and innovation in the sector, as well as to come up with best practice in professional communication practice, reputation management, brand positioning, media relations and management, etc. Until 2018, the annual gatherings were held in Davos, but now they take place in Geneva, mainly due to its communicative location and proximity to several important global organisations. In addition, several regional and associated forums are organized and hosted by Forum members in different parts of the world – from Prague, Moscow, Istanbul, Yekaterinburg, Paris, Yerevan, Cape Town, Kuala Lumpur, to Kiev and other cities of the world.“I’m truly delighted by the opportunity to lead this global professional association and to work with respected industry professionals from around the world. There’s no doubt in my mind that our combined expertise and professional experience will be valuable as we grow our organisation over the next term, increasing its global footprint, visibility and programmatic impact, said Maxim Behar, the new President.  About World Communication Forum The World Communication Forum was founded in 2010 in Davos with the goal to create a platform for an active discussion, focused on the development of communications and their key role in business, society and politics. Every year the forum gathers the most prominent representatives of the communication sector, who exchange experience and ideas and shape the future prospects for global communications.For more information, contact: max@m3bg.combRev('brev-34ca7b8d-26dc-46a2-94fe-cc1352d4de52', '>a/\<moc.gb3m@xam>"moc.gb3m;46#&xam:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<') or office@wcfaglobal.combRev('brev-90a0c88a-9ad9-4490-95bd-6ea52b0096aa', '>a/\<moc.labolgafcw@eciffo>"moc.labolgafcw;46#&eciffo:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<')