The creative world of media and advertising continues to be a mystery to the majority of learners across the country. The advent of digitalisation and changing landscape of media and communication  has introduced new ways in which businesses are run, advertised and products sold. Media services remains a solid sector and one to watch over the next few decades, with new career options becoming available for the youth. In demystifying the advertising and media industry to young South African learners, Msizi Mazibuko, CEO of The Media Tacticians, said, “The media and advertising is a multibillion-rand industry with a number of careers options within the sector that are less known to learners, such as media sales, one of the highest paying career options within the media industry, and I believe it’s my responsibility to expose as many youth to this amazing industry I have enjoyed for close to two decades.” The media and advertising career immersion week focused on grades 8–12 learners from Kenneth Masilela Secondary School and Nkumbulo Comprehensive Secondary School from Kwa Tema, exposing them to varying categories of the media industry, as well as the various career opportunities that exist within the advertising discipline from creative agencies to media-buying agencies such as The Media Tacticians. The itinerary was loaded with exciting industry personalities and creative spaces such as the following:  On Monday, 24 June, the learners visited Quizical Pictures and were taken through the production process.  Tuesday, 25 June, was covered by Touch HD, and the learners were taken through the new trends in digital radio broadcasting.  Wednesday, 26 June, was hosted by Independent Newspapers, and it showcased the world of print media focusing on newspapers.  Thursday, 27 June, was Brave Group where they were taken through the inner workings of a creative agency.  Friday 28 June, the group visited The Media Tacticians where they spent time learning about media strategy, planning and buying. They were also hosted by long-time radio personality and entrepreneur, Glen Lewis of Radio 2000, who gave them inspiration and motivation based on his journey in media. The Media Tactictians Foundation is committed to doing its part to ensure that black youth are exposed to careers in the media and advertising industry and will continue rolling out this initiative to more schools across disadvantaged communities within the African continent. "You don't know what you don't know. I stumbled across media sales earlier in my career whilst trying to work for an advertising agency. Little did I know that I was entering a career that is one of the country's best-paying industries that catapulted me into my very own media company that generates millions of rands annually. It started with something as simple as exposure," concludes Mazibuko. For more information please visit www.mediatacticians.co.za.