We kick off with one of the industry greats as Barron, arguably the largest and most trusted product media brand in Africa and one that has been switching Africa's brands ON for 29 years, will be inviting visitors to join in the conversation at an educational forum it will be hosting on 5 June. The forum will be paired with Markex and allows delegates to attend both events.   Jam packed with key industry spokespeople, this educational forum promises to keep visitors up to date with the latest developments and trends within the promotional product industry. Barron’s afternoon event will focus on relevant issues of leadership, marketing and business development, and will offer delegates the opportunity to network with like-minded peers. Trade Only Gifts, a company known for importing the latest items in corporate gifting, will be at Markex this year to show off a broad range of the trendiest options available today. The list of products on show is expansive but visitors might be interested in seeing the company’s eco-friendly stainless steel straw options in person. They’ll also be able to check out its auto pop-up card holders that incorporate RFID blocking protection, which stops criminals from scanning your credit cards remotely, as well as cell phone and computer USB fans, wireless ear phones and wicker picnic basket solutions. Laycol (I.E.M Corporate Gifts cc – t/a Laycol) partners will be keen to check out the company post its merge with Bottles Direct. Because of this industry move, Laycol is now able to offers clients a far wider range of product based on general blow moulding of sports bottles to injection blow. Also on show this year will be a large range of caps to suit all needs, ranging from flip sip to straws. If you operate in the promotional items industry, you’ll have heard of CAPTIVITY Headwear + Apparel. Established in Cape Town in 1997, CAPTIVITY has spent the last two decades bring quality headwear at competitive prices with an emphasis on exceptional customer service – introducing apparel items to the range in 2012.   Markex 2019 will be especially interesting to both existing and potential customers as the company will be using this as a platform to cement its new brand - FWRD Headwear and Apparel and they are ready to show off! Visitors are urged to stop by the stand for more information and to see the new ranges. Another trade only industry favourite, KMQ will be exhibiting at Markex this year and will be showcasing the latest in promotional items and branding solutions. KMQ offers a one-stop-shop with in house branding and financing options and can take care of all promotional requirements from supply and brand right through to delivery. Mass Supply Clothing is excited to welcome visitors to its trade-only stand this year! The company will be showcasing samples from its quality brands and ranges, and sweet treats and discounted vouchers will be handed to all scanned visitors. These vouchers will include a 7.5% discount on one order placed during the month of June 2019 (as with all things in life, terms and conditions apply). Visitors looking to grow their registration base are invited to sign up on stand, enjoying a waived registration fee. For visitors who haven’t introduced themselves to the Atomic Branding range of apparel and branding options, Markex would be a good place to do so. Atomic Branding is a fully automated factory operation that offers a huge variety of designs, printing techniques, automated packaging and delivery. The company owns the most advanced six to 10 colour machines, ensuring flexibility, speed and accuracy.  Visitors are invited to have a look at the apparel on stand from its t-shirt manufacturing plant in Asia, which also empowers the company in accommodating orders ranging from one to a million plus. Visitors seeking to automate their processes a little should check into the Warp Development stand. The company is known for its Order Easy system, which offers hassle-free order automation for business by managing and streamlining the entire order process from enquiry to delivery. Users can track everything on their own dashboard while managing customers, suppliers and products. Releasing at Markex this year is the company’s latest version of this solution, and visitors will see how the solution integrates with suitable technologies to deliver an effective and scalable solution to its clients. New features in Order Easy include: A dynamic workflow manager to control your order flow, manage clients, suppliers and payments;  Extensive role and user management tools;  A production manager to handle your production life cycle; and  Staff, business and commission reporting management tools.Finally, PromoAlliance is talking about its service that allows resellers to save on wholesaler registration costs and benefit from immediate discounts and financing, regardless of your annual spend. The company allows resellers to source and supply a number of wholesalers' products with no registration costs, no expiry due to inactivity or yearly spend, immediate discounts from first order, and financing options. As with every year, visitors invited to attend Markex 2019 by their suppliers will be given direct access to a broad range of industry solution providers; the objectives are to network, meet, see, feel and touch. Visit the Markex website to request your invitation, and receive a R200 discount on the R300 entrance cost (for online bookings only).