“The Smarties Celebration of Talent honours global innovation, creativity and success by showcasing each year’s most effective mobile campaigns,” explains MMA SA Country Director Sarah Utermark. “But to win one of these coveted awards, entrants must demonstrate how their work successfully affected their client’s business be it via increased promotion, conversions or sales.”Business results form the backbone to the Smarties and account for 40% of a judges’ evaluation. This versus creativity, strategy and execution which each account for 20% of the allocated points.“Our judging is skewed towards outcomes and impact as in our view it is the most important part of a campaign,” explains Utermark. “This is a central theme of our How to Win a Smarties guide and as such we’ve provided tips on how to best structure an entry.”This year there are 18 categories for entrants to submit their work into ranging from CRM, to Social Impact. There are also six Awards categories including the Marketer to Watch, Agency of the Future and Best in Show. Definitions for each are included in the guide. It also introduces entrants to this year’s Smarties Ambassadors. Throughout the rest of 2019 they will collectively help drive the MMA SA’s agenda of transformation, creativity and innovation through the Smarties Awards programme. Spearheading this esteemed group of experts is Jury Chair, Dudu Mokholo, Chief Marketing Officer for Samsung Africa. She will guide and manage the judging process. “Our Jury Chair has vast experience at the highest level of marketing across Africa. Her input and recommendations provide critical analysis of campaigns and her assessment of business impact will help guide the judging panel in awarding excellence. This year we encourage entries from a much broader pan African scale to show the true extent to which mobile has become the primary marketing channel for reaching consumers across Sub Saharan Africa,” comments Utermark. Also included in the guide are insights and advice from last year’s Judges, as well as in-depth case studies from five of the 2018 best performing Smarties winners.“We have packaged the guide to provide as much valuable and practical information as possible. Users are advised to follow its tips and submit their entries according to the Smarties requirements,” advises Utermark. Entries are open and early bird rates apply until 24 May. Thereafter all entries must be submitted by 27 June. Judging takes place in September and the 2019 Smarties Awards Gala happens on 30 October. Download the How to Win a Smarties guide here.