This year Spark Media is excited to partner with Lego to showcase the Roots 2019 launch. “We will be building insights out of the new, extensive data and reveal these through Roots Lego Scenes at each city’s launch event,” says Gill Randall, CEO of Spark Media. “Like Lego bricks, the data by itself is pretty useless until you start building and analysing and finding patterns and designs. These findings will be used as tools that help assist our marketing and media professionals to make better decisions about their strategies.” The Roots Lego Scenes aim to take some of the immense amount of data and translate it into practical, visual and fun scenarios of what our South African buyers and shoppers look like and do. Roots gives marketers a better understanding of their customers by geographic area.  “The South African shopping and buying landscape is constantly changing in response to both macro-economic factors like politics and economics, and geographically more local factors like new shops, shopping centres, online shopping options and the effect of digital media on reading habits. Roots helps us interpret and understand these changes community by community. Roots 2019 has incorporated new technology to both improve sampling and speed up in-field data collection, but has also rigorously retained proven and validated readership research questions for accuracy and trending purposes. We have also included some new areas in our efforts to build a true reflection of the South African shopper and buyer at the geographic community level,” Gill concludes. Roots will be launching in Durban on 4 June, Johannesburg on 6 June and Cape Town on 11 June. For more information and to book your space visit http://sparkmedia.co.za/about-roots/ or contact info@sparkmedia.co.zabRev('brev-ac6069d7-087c-4f01-bbbf-6844b216c3b0', '>a/\<az.oc.aidemkraps@ofni>"az.oc.aidemkraps;46#&ofni:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<'). For more on Spark Media, visit our website and follow us on social media @sparkmediasa. Spark MediaEstablished in 2015, Spark Media, a division of CTP Ltd, are experts in retail and location based marketing solutions. The company owns and represents an arsenal of print products that deliver locally relevant, effective audiences for advertising clients. Spark Media are Strategic Partners in Audience Research and Knowledge and offer ‘Insights that Ignite’.