The North American Smarties celebrates the best of mobile marketing campaigns on the continent. Finalists were selected by a panel of more than 100 industry experts, with shortlisted campaigns being selected from hundreds of entries across more than 20 countries. According to MMA the shortlist represents the most interesting, innovative work that pushes the boundaries of mobile marketing. Justpalm.com’s CEO Patrick Palmi says this is a validation of the company’s core belief that “innovation can start in Africa and spread to the rest of the world”. Palmi added that he was thrilled that the work they did and the winning solutions the agency offered its clients were getting recognised internationally.  The company has also been shortlisted in four categories in the South African Smarties, namely: Product/Service Launch,  Mobile Social,  Mobile Payment, and Innovation.The campaigns are judged on not only innovation and creativity, but also on tangible and quantifiable results for businesses and brands.   According to MMA, this year saw more than double the amount of entries for the South African awards than previous years - a clear indication of how important mobile has become, both regionally and in the world. Palmi says the work speaks for itself, with Justpalm.com operating on the frontiers of digital and mobile marketing. “We always push boundaries in innovation for our clients to bring their brands to life, and to make sure their brands resonate with shoppers.” This is what sets Justpalm.com apart in helping leading brands connect, engage and convert customers through mobile technologies and digital campaigns. “With the current pace of innovation, any successful digital agency need to keep their finger on the pulse of what is happening,” Palmi said. “And more than that, they must be willing to adapt and innovate and evolve to stay relevant.” He says the next frontier - and key market differentiator of the future - will be conversational marketing. Proof of this lies in the campaigns shortlisted for the awards. “This will be what makes the difference, and Justpalm has managed to demonstrate this through the integrated digital campaigns shortlisted for these awards,” said Palmi.