When TMI founder, Peter Brooke-Sumner, moved back from the UK to South Africa as one of the first hires of Google in the region, he developed a keen sense of exactly how such a service model would need to operate to produce client-focused, performance results. The model took off and a UK-based office was opened while the company established itself. After a few years of operation, however, the UK office, focused on casino gaming, was sold to Grant Macfarlane, allowing TMI to further reduce costs via the positive South African exchange rate. Growth and direction TMI made a name for itself first as a search/PPC agency representing large global accounts as well as leading market players in Africa. As the client base grew, the company’s service offer expanded along with it to include programmatic retargeting, search engine optimisation, bought media, display, video, content marketing, creative design and social media. By 2015 TMI boasted the largest DoubleClick-certified team in southern Africa (and possibly globally at that time for an independent agency), with more than 40 qualified individuals across Google Marketing Platform (formally DoubleClick integrated stack) including its demand-side platform (DSP), ad server and search management platform. Over the years TMI has won over a dozen awards in recognition of high performance, ingenuity and campaign optimisation. These include Bookmark, New Generation, Amasa and the African Crystal International Media Awards. In 2016 TMI entered into a joint venture with Quinton Jones to form TMI Media and collaborate on data-driven media solutions combined with the analytics and insights that digital provides. This strategic alliance has led to a unique blend of above- and below-the-line expertise, allowing the agency to capitalise on every significant marketing channel from programmatic display to television. As part of the ongoing evolution of the TMI, the agency gave its corporate ID a facelift to better represent the brand and its personality. Having adopted a new logo and aesthetics in 2019, the company officially changed its name to TMI Collective, which better reflects the wide range of marketing and communications disciplines on offer, across a global client base. Says Peter Brooke-Sumner, “Although we’ve reinvented ourselves over the years, we’re still the same team committed to quality and service excellence. Whether you’ve been working with us for some time now or are meeting us for the first time, we will continue to drive results across global campaigns.” #googlepremiumpartner